Tang Zichen
Look at the man you picked up
Relying on the Shushan sword in his hand
He actually killed the Shushan bloodline in seconds
He has a foreign surname
He actually said that our Shushan orthodoxy is Wan surname
What qualifications do you have?
Obviously, he has helped us Shushan
As his own pocket
Little brother, although you have some skills
But it's just a sideline
I am from Shushan
Gifted bloodline is especially important
I was able to understand the Sword Emperor Heart Sutra at the age of ten
It is because of the respect of blood
At the age of three, I can make the sect master nod with a sword
Sound abstinence
Just with your kind of stuff
Dare to say that you are a bloodline contention
Please forget it.
We don't have to fight them for a living.
I never planned to fight
Wang Hu will want to have another kind of slave
Shushan is mine
And you Zhao and Tang families are the latecomers
Dare to call me a foreign surname father
You are enough, no matter how strong you are
I can't say I'm a real classmate
Shushan respects the sword
Let the world see
What is justice?
What is blood?
Who are the so-called aliens?
Arrows in the world
Follow my orders